# 06/02/21 - CSE 110 Group 3 Meeting

## Meeting Information

*Type of Meeting*: Team checkup for final push
*Time/Place*: Zoom 4-5:00

*Attendance*:
- [ ] Amy Nguyen
- [X] Brian Chen
- [X] Aksharan Saravanan
- [X] Aman Aggarwal
- [X] Andrew Slater
- [X] Brian Seo
- [X] Eric Chen
- [X] Shirley Qi
- [X] Yunhao Du
- [X] Matei-Alexandru Gardus

## Agenda

- Navbar
- Storage
- Past Daily Logs
- Testing/Cleanup/Documentation

## Questions for Jordan:
1. Can we use WebPack for Dexie (if not, can we put dexie src files straight in repo?)
2. What features can be put on the cutting board if necessary?
3. Do we need puppeteer tests?
4. If indexedDB does not pan out, is local storage bad?
5. Do we need service workers? (offline functionality)
6. Is it a problem if we have alerts and dialogues?
7. What happens if we didn't code a lot but contributed other ways
