# Standup Notes Template

# 5/20/21

# GROUP 

### Members at this Meeting  
- Aman Aggarwal
- Shirley Qi
- Matei-Alexandru Gardus
- Aksharan Saravanan
- Yunhao Du
- Eric Chen
- Brian Seo
- Amy Nguyen

### Brief Overview of Current Goals/Tasks 

Each person in our group working on their given component for the page they were assigned

## What did you do yesterday?
- Aman: Pushed theme creation page to theme-creation
- Shirley: Created trends branch and started formatting the trends page
- Matei: Went over possible packing options to use for easier use of custom components
- Aksharan: Added utc date to keys & start complete bullet functionality
- Eric: Created Journal-Name-Page branch. Added functionality that allows users to enter a name for their journal
- Brian S: Added "What is a Theme" component to the theme creation page
- Amy: Worked on themes page/added sample themes

## What will you do today?
- Aman: Open and merge PR for theme-creation branch
- Shirley: Continue working on frontend for trends page
- Matei: Go over researching Dexie usage
- Aksharan: Try to refactor bullet-logging branch to tailwind and merge main
- Yunhao: Waiting for the new page from lead design and work with Eric
- Eric: Try to make the page consistent with what the user picked for their color when they create a journal
- Brian S: Try to embed a YouTube video inside the instruction component and work on more styling for it
- Amy: Continued working on habit trackers


## What issues (if any) are blocking your progress?
- Shirley: Formatting of the circles inside each tracker
- Aksharan: Figuring out how to convert css into tailwind
- Amy: Stuck on design - not sure how to make designs less generic but also aesthetically pleasing

## What do you plan on working on tomorrow?

Continue to work on our assiged components so that we can merge the pages together.

#### Any updates or reminders
