# Standup Notes Template

# 5/24/21

# GROUP 

### Members at this Meeting  
- Aman Aggarwal
- Shirley Qi
- Aksharan Saravanan
- Yunhao Du
- Eric Chen
- Brian Seo
- Andrew Slater
- Matei-Alexandru Gardus

### Brief Overview of Current Goals/Tasks 

We must complete the CI-CD pipeline and ADR assignment due tomorrow.

## What did you do last weekend?
- Aman: Addressed theme creation PR comments/Worked on journal creation and created a PR (#10)
- Matei: Looked over Dexie documentation and brainstormed DB schema for storing info
- Shirley: Finalized styling for theme creation and trends
- Aksharan: finished complete functionality
- Eric: Tailwind to plain css for the Journal Name Page
- Yunhao: Work on search

## What will you do today?
- Aksharan: Try nesting functionality
- Shirley: Route the pages together and figure out storage for habit trackers
- Brian S: Read over requirements for CI pipeline and ADR
- Eric: Work on the collections page

## What issues (if any) are blocking your progress?
- Matei: Waiting on page PR's tp merge to convert localStorage to indexedDB
- Aksharan: Nesting bullet implementation
- Shirley: Working with storage
- Andrew: Family medical issues
- Brian S: Requirements for other classes
- Eric: Inexperience with css

## What do you plan on working on tomorrow?

Merge as much code and branches as possible.


#### Any updates or reminders
