# Standup Notes Template

# 5/25/21

# GROUP 

### Members at this Meeting  
- Aman Aggarwal
- Shirley Qi
- Aksharan Saravanan
- Yunhao Du
- Eric Chen
- Brian Seo

### Brief Overview of Current Goals/Tasks 

Work on collections page and start working on the navigation bar and settings page.

## What did you do yesterday?
- Aman: Remove tailwindcss from repo and merge journal creation
- Shirley: Finished initial setup of trends page and merged trends
- Aksharan: Worked on bullet logging
- Brian S: Read over ADR documentation

## What will you do today?
- Aman: Add an ADR on tailwindcss decisions
- Shirley: Navbar component and settings page
- Matei: Go over researching Dexie usage
- Aksharan: Pull request
- Yunhao: Tried working on the search button but it does not work
- Eric: Tried working on the collections page, but couldn't get the functionality that was needed


## What issues (if any) are blocking your progress?
- Aksharan: Implementation
- Brian: Personal life issues
- Yunhao: Search button
  
## What do you plan on working on tomorrow?

Work on storing our data and also the settings and monthly log page.

#### Any updates or reminders
